and people comes up again age gap bush
so this is how I want you to do is
Martha when he comes up is the paper now
response the posh hater near the plaza
hands on Oprah's a teacher walks around
the corner you're saying like this we
are to bed what your hands nice nice job
you can do this division you can do it
big boy comes out friggin images that
people are so my legs at the water and
it's relax you just want to see the Arab
Prince the next revolution or into the
rest in love you thank you thank you one
night when you did a wonderful job and
feeding them now precisely placed tisha
spot things in the opportunity is clean
invisible and when it comes up to push
to push and I stop the announcement of
it it comes up to push my guests coming
through with the same engine come on all
I can do it when the actually pushes are
using animates of the bush dynasty nice
nonstick front foot but a typewriter set
up taking my hoodie size and forwards
they stay important and a lot of my jobs
and they don't think it was a check
website on painter I am I would I
sufficient to put them that sees the
operation my point is 180 this is your
job are you home you're hot for more
warrior kids get your copy of the book
bullies and warriors written by
masterton
for adults there's no warrior kids
manual warrior kids warrior training for
children
check out the other warriors videos you
can subscribe to our channel on YouTube
or visit w Arkansas org thank you for
watching